MultiServer: Allow (limited) LocationScouts of other players' slots (#3523)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/network protocol.md

### LocationInfo
Sent to clients to acknowledge a received [LocationScouts](#LocationScouts) packet and responds with the item in the location(s) being scouted.
#### Arguments
| Name      | Type                       | Notes                                                   |
|-----------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|

> | locations | list\[[NetworkItem](#NetworkItem)\] | Contains list of item(s) in the location(s) scouted.    |

Reviewer: you changed the indentation but it's stil misaligned 😩

Only locations that contain items for your slot will actually be processed if you set the `player` parameter to a different slot's player number than your own.

#### Arguments
| Name           | Type        | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|----------------|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| locations      | list\[int\] | The ids of the locations seen by the client. May contain any number of locations, even ones sent before; duplicates do not cause issues with the Archipelago server.                            |
| create_as_hint | int         | If non-zero, the scouted locations get created and broadcasted as a player-visible hint. <br/>If 2 only new hints are broadcast, however this does not remove them from the LocationInfo reply. |

> | player         | int         | Determines the player whose locations will be scouted. If this is a different player than the requesting slot, only locations that contain their items will be processed.                       |

Reviewer 2: Think this'd be a bit clearer. Also explicitly allowing `player` to be optional seems good, as *most* usecases are likely to be for their own locations.
```suggestion
| player         | int         | Determines the player whose locations will be scouted. If this is a different player than the requesting slot, only locations that contain the requesting slot's items will be processed. Optional; defaults to the requesting slot.                       |
```
